Do you have to be so ignorant?
Tiezi, are you happy?
Why don't you want to play weightlifting genius?
And here I am today.
Let me see who dares to touch him
Oh, is there any justice?
Daughters treat mothers like this
Is there anyone who understands coming out and saying it clearly?
That's how you treat your own mother
Will you be damned?
Come on
Get this crazy woman out of here
So as not to affect Lin's mood, let's go
I am your mother
Can you let me go?
Chang Aotian, you are still the champion
It's not promising.
It's still bright
You just let your stepmother mess around here
Does the person who lost you make you unable to lift your head for the rest of your life?
aunt
This is the oath ceremony
Can you stop making trouble?